
%!encoding:       utf-8
%!target:         txt
%!options(txt):   -o changes.txt
%!preproc(txt):   '%%txt: ' ''
%!postproc(txt):  '<BR>'    ''

**Legend**
(-) deleted
(~) changed
(+) added


=8.4.0=

(+) Session auto-save and restore. Layout and Window information is
    stored periodically so that it may be recovered after a restart.
(+) A hotkey and corresponding function for toggling the overflow window
    of the 'notify icons'.


=8.3.0=

(~) Improved view arranging runtime.
(~) Fixed bug #18641: Freezing problem. In most cases, bug.n will no
    longer hang when one of its managed windows hangs.
(~) Fixed bug: Sometimes cycling through the windows in a view would
    get stuck on a particular window.
(~) Fixed bug: Activating a window on a non-active view on
    a non-active monitor could cause both monitors to change views.
(~) Gap widths are now treated identically on both "tile" and "monocle"
    layouts.
(~) Fixed bug #18650: Unexpected monitor focus changes
(~) Fixed bug in 'Manager_setWindowMonitor(d)' and
    'Manager_setViewMonitor(d)'
(~) Fixed bug, which prevented bug.n from Main_reload, if the number of
    monitors changed.
(~) Fixed bug: Closing Bar_cmdGui and activating the next to last window.
(~) Fixed bug: Vertical position of Bar_cmdGui, if
    Config_verticalBarPos=tray and the task bar is at the top of the
    monitor.
(~) Fixed bug: On Main_reload() and Config_verticalBarPos=tray.
(~) Changed the command line argument from specifying 'the path to the
    config.ini' to 'the path to the general data directory containing
    the config.ini and log.txt'.
(+) Multi-dimensional tiling of the master area. The user may now specify
    X and Y dimensions independently up to 9 x 9.
(+) Initially assign windows to the monitor on which they appear if
    nothing is specified in the configuration.
(+) Created bug.n log to record major and debugging events and window
    information.
(+) 'View margins' allowing a layout to occupy a limited space of the
    monitor.
(+) 'Single window action', which allows to close or maximize windows
    based on rules.
(+) 'Reload' hotkey, which reloads the whole script.
(+) Re-Setting the 'Reload' and 'ExitApp' hotkey in 'config.ini'-
(+) Added the configuration variable "Config_viewNames", with which views
    can be named and the number of views can be set. The configuration
    variable "Config_viewCount" therewith becomes obsolete.
(-) Removed the configuration variable "Config_viewCount".
(-) Removed the explicit listing of commands in the Bar_cmdGui.
(-) Removed the default rules for Gimp, since from version 2.8 onwards
    Gimp can use a single application window instead of three and more.


=8.2.1=

(+) feature #005446: Reload function (reloading bug.n without changing
    the current association of windows to views/tags)
(+) workaround bug #018364: (Evernote: new note) Introducing the
    configuration variable "Config_onActiveHiddenWnds" to set the
    behaviour of bug.n for already existing but hidden windows on redraw
(+) Update of the Manager_getWindow*-functions to allow copying of the
    text to the clipboard.
(~) fixed bug #18356: Missing bar elements on Windows XP. (calculation
    of the element width depending on the font size)
(~) fixed bug: Support for saving another AutoHotkeyGUI as the active
    window of a view.
(~) fixed bug #018431: Immediate run-time errors running bug.n built
    from source with AutoHotkey_L version 1.1.05.03 onwards
(~) debugging related to AutoHotkey_L and 32-/64-Bit-Windows


=8.2.0=

==Configuration==

(-) 'Config_addRunCommands' (the 'Run' item in 'command GUI').
(-) 'Config_sessionFilePath'
(-) 'Config_topBar' (replaced by 'Config_verticalBarPos'.
(~) Brackets are no longer used for array names ('[i]' -> '_#i').
(~) The default values for the color and font size of the status bar
    are now retrieved from the system settings.
    - 'Config_normBgColor'
    - 'Config_normFgColor'
    - 'Config_selBgColor'
    - 'Config_selFgColor'
    - 'Config_fontSize'
(+) Default rules
(+) 'Config_hotkey' (setting hotkeys in 'Config.ini').
(+) 'Config_horizontalBarPos' (The horizontal position of the bar:
    'center', 'left' or 'right' side of the monitor or an offset in
    pixel (px) from the left (>= 0) or right (< 0).
(+) 'Config_verticalBarPos' (The vertical position of the bar: 'top'
    or 'bottom' of the monitor, 'tray' = sub-window of the task bar.
(+) 'Config_barWidth' (The width of the bar in pixel (px) or with a
    per cent sign (%) as a percentage.
(+) 'Config_singleRowBar' (If false, the bar will have to rows, one
    for the window title and one for all other GUI controls.
(+) 'Config_spaciousBar' (If true, the height of the bar will be set
    to a value equal to the height of an edit control, else it will
    be set to the text height.
(+) 'Config_syncMonitorViews' (The number of monitors (2 or more),
    for which views should be activated, when using the accordant
    hotkey. If set to 1, the views are actiated for all monitors. If
    set to 0, views are activated independently (only on the active
    monitor).


==Hotkeys==

(~) Changed hotkeys
    - #s  -> #^s::Config_saveSession()
    - #+r -> #^r::Reload
    - #+q -> #^q::ExitApp
(+) #y::Bar_toggleCommandGui() (Open the command GUI for executing
    programmes or bug.n functions.)
(+) #^e::Run, edit, %Config_sessionFilePath% (Open the session file
    in the standard text editor.
(+) "<" and ">" as an argument for 'Monitor_activateView'.
(+) "<" and ">" as an argument for 'Monitor_setWindowTag'.


==Debugging==

(~) 'tile' function: resetting msplit
(~) 'Manager_winActivate(wndId)' now does not activate 'Program
    Manager', if there is no window on the view, but sets the mouse
    pointer to the center of the active monitor.
(~) 'Bar_updateTitle()' now indicates the floating state of a window.
(~) A memory leak in 'Manager_managedWndIds' was removed.
(~) Now mouse-follows-focus does also work in 'View_shuffleWindow(d)'.
(~) The 'anyText' field in the status bar is now updated correctly.
(~) The positioning of the 'command GUI' has been corrected for the
    case of a bar at the bottom of the screen.
(~) Empty cells (for not existing, but registered windows) in the
    'tile' layout were removed.
(+) AutoHotkey_L compatibility
    - (~) Brackets are no longer used for array names ('[i]' -> '_#i').
    - (~) Getting system settings (ANSI vs. UTF-8)
(+) 'Manager_maximizeWindow()' to 'command GUI'
(+) 'View_shuffleWindow(d)' does now work in a loop (last <-> first
    window).
(+) 'Manager_taskBarMonitor' for allowing the task bar on another
    than the first monitor
(+) If the status bar is not put in the task bar, the status bar is
    registered as an AppBar and therewith changes the windows
    workspace.


==General==

(~) The number of windows on a view is not indicated by different
    background colors anymore, but by a progress bar.
(~) The battery status is also indicated with a progress bar.
(~) All bar elements are now put in a single window.
(~) Session.ahk was merged into Config.ahk and Session.ini moved to
    Config.ini.
(+) Shell event: 32772
(+) A monitor with no windows on it can now be activated by cklicking
    on the desktop and therewith changing the active window.


=8.1.0=

(-) 'Config_showTitleBars'
(~) 'Config_rules' have two more parameters (window style and if the
    window is decorated; this replaces 'Config_showTitleBars').
(~) A bug is solved, which occurred when opening a web link from
    another application than the web browser itself, e. g. a mail
    client.
(+) WIN+SHIFT+X maximizes a window to the bug.n workspace.
(+) You may now use 'Monitor_activateView(">")' for cycling through
    the views and 'View_setLayout(">")' for cycling through the
    layouts.


------------------------------------------------------------------------
%%txt: (c) 2010-2012 Joshua Fuhs, joten. Last modified %%date(%d.%m.%Y).
